docs(endpoint): adding example regarding parsing url params (#4565)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/01-routing.md

}
```

#### URL parsing

> The `url` object is an instance of the standard [URLSearchParams](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URLSearchParams) class at the `searchParams` key. As such, you can access the params sent using query params.

Reviewer: i think we can simplify this wording

```suggestion
The `url` object is a standard [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL) object. As such, you can access the query via `url.searchParams`:
```

```js

> // @filename: index.js

Reviewer: typechecking will fail without this

```suggestion
// @filename: ambient.d.ts
declare global {
  const search: (opts: { limit: string | null, offset: string | null }) => Response;
}

export {};

// @filename: index.js
// ---cut---
```

Author: Nice!!! I made some confusion because I'm using this with Svelte 😅

// /foo?limit=10&offset=20
/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').RequestHandler} */
export async function get({ url }) {

> 	const limit = url.searchParams.get("limit");
> 	const offset = url.searchParams.get("offset"); 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	const limit = url.searchParams.get('limit');
	const offset = url.searchParams.get('offset'); 
```

> 	const response = await expensiveSearch({ limit, offset });

Reviewer: i think we can make this simpler, the `expensive` draws attention to the wrong thing

```suggestion
	const response = await search({ limit, offset });
```

	const items = await response.json();

> 	return { items, status: 201 };

Reviewer: this is incorrect (and part of the reason CI is failing) — you need to return a `body` key

```suggestion
	return {
	  status: 201,
	  body: { items }
	};
```

Author: Nice! I forgot about that.

}
```

#### URL parsing

> The `url` object is a standard [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL) object. As such, you can access the query via `url.searchParams`:

Reviewer: just realised we have 'the `url` object ... URL object' which sounds clunky

```suggestion
The `url` object is an instance of the standard [URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL) class. As such, you can access the query via `url.searchParams`:
```
